sure what's going on I'm just
supervising but lately actually Peter
get to the front uncomfort up here
I think somebody picked me because
they're very very cool let's do
something up and autism dragon out yeah
yeah okay okay bring it what have you
done to the end of this right Navas you
give someone absoulte let's come to
Africa they said weapons back on a deal
one rattle disease trainee joiner
Shearer's putting on a brave face yeah
came here to do a mission in whatever
details I may I do it feel nervous in
the amount of comfort zone and I don't
like me now that I'm eating control
yourself what's there you don't know
what's the idea
Oh mommy's pretty quick might not be the
sake of Justine mistake that was one of
the carpet Vipers the speckled one
fountain so long it shot into hiding
just as well as the carpet Viper is
responsible for more deaths from bites
than any other snake in the world right
then something else catches my eye okay
here we go look at that little fella now
he's obviously made his way out of that
watch they've been thumping around I
think we'll get the guys over and shown
it I'll put that back over him justo he
feels comfortable you stay still guys
sort of take a break and come around and
join me over here for a second the team
gather round
but for mum of two Lorraine placing her
biggest fear isn't easy you have to
because you need to know what they look
like so seriously you need to look at
every part of it now you know I've been
telling you guys to bang out your boots
in the morning and not leave your gloves
around this is walled around your camp
right now they're gonna try and find
plate little places to hide right under
the fog no places to hide include your
boots your gloves anything that you live
around all right look how he's looking
for somewhere to hide again somewhere
right out of the Sun he's not looking to
sting anything he was much more than we
all like the rains had enough from makes
a quick exit
back to work
think about it while still working on
just how scared I was of them until I
got here just know I didn't like him I
wish I'd stop cried that's why your new
homes on Westerley preferably as far
away from Lorraine's tent as possible
the Scorpions claimed ten times more
victims than snakes if one of them
things comes near me I swear to god I'm
gonna have to go home I don't think I
can handle that
you